Florida Statewide Monthly Minutes  
03/17/2024  
   
Meeting was called to order at 8:04 PM by President Z’leah Liburd  
   
Pledge and one minute message was skipped to make time for the Menus4ALL presentation  
   
8:05 PM Role call by president Z’leah Liburd  
All members of the board were present  
Nineteen other attendees were also present  
   
8:07 PM Secretary’s report  
Minutes from last month’s meeting were emailed by the last outgoing secretary to the Florida Statewide Listserve.  
New Secretary Yassir Bohorquez will now be taking charge.  
Peggy motions the secretary’s report that was emailed; Justin seconds; all were in favor.  
   
8:09 PM Menus4ALL presentation  
Menus4ALL started out as a website in 2018 with just five-thousand menus. With feedback, the website would be turned into an IOS app with over one-million menus available. The app’s functionality is to turn a dataset of menus into a format that is accessible to the visually impaired. Voice gestures can be used to read the menus. All IOS customizations, like inverted colors, and voice control, work as expected on the app. All menus are structured the same for consistency. Each menu has information about the restaurant’s location, hours of operation, phone information, and food items, which are organized into distinct categories. Each distinct category shows the food items, along with a brief description of the food item and price if available. In addition, each category has a price range label that shows the price range of all the food items within that category. Features include: a near me tab which shows restaurants within your current location within a 20-mile radius, a search tab that allows you to search restaurants by name, particular food item, or location; results are shown within 20 miles of your location or the specified location; the radius can be extended, and a waiter light which allows you to activate a light that servers can seen if your device is held above your head. Each menu can be bookmarked for later viewing. Tutorials are available for each feature of the app on the Menus4ALL website. Menus4ALL is a subscription-based app; $2.99 monthly, or $29.99 annually; apple taxes and fees are an addition to the price; subscription can be canceled by the subscriptions page within AppleID settings within settings; a two-week trial is available for the monthly and annual subscription before you pay.  
   
8:42 PM Treasurer’s report  
The opening balance was $2453.99. Ten dollars was taken for the monthly PAC contribution. A ten dollar deposit was added to our account. Another deposit for dues was made for $56.84, additional $50 refund was accredited to our account from the affiliate. An addition, more dues of $9.81 was deposited to the account. The ending balance for the month was 2574.55. Justin motions the treasurer’s report; Yassir seconds; all were in favor. It was also noted that we don’t currently have a PayPal; one will be created soon.  
   
8:45 PM State and National Convention  
The state convention open planning committee meeting meets every fourth Wednesday. President Liburd requests for a volunteer to serve as the representative for the statewide chapter; Peggy volunteers since she is the chair for the state convention planning committee.  
The national convention open planning committee meets every second Sunday of the month. President Liburd has volunteered herself to be the florida statewide representative for this meeting.  
Duties include: reporting on the tasks that statewide members must perform during both conventions; bringing up ideas from the members to the respective planning committee, and report on each meeting to the statewide members.  
   
8:50 PM National convention announcement  
Dates will be from July 3rd to the 8th. Location will be the Rosen center hotel, 9840 International Dr, Orlando, FL 32819\. Those wishing to get a room must call the hotel directly at 800-204-7234 and ask for the “NFB convention” block. Hotel Rates: Single and doubles are $129 or $146.42 with taxes and fees per night; triples and quads are $139 or $157.77 with taxes and fees per night. A $146 deposit is required for booking; the rest will be paid at the hotel. If you cancel after Saturday, June 1st, half your deposit will be returned. Convention registration is $25 and the banquet is $75.  
   
8:54 PM Fundraising ideas  
President Liburd asks the members for fundraising ideas. Some ideas include: the popular popcorn fundraiser, pretzel fundraiser, sailing sunscreen at convention, and selling world’s finest chocolates at national convention. For the popcorn fundraiser, it was discussed that whoever sells the most popcorn, they may win a prize. No concrete fundraiser was decided upon at this time; board will meet to discuss this further.  
   
9:04 PM Adjournment  
A motion to adjourn the meeting was made by jerilyn, Z’Leah seconds; all were in favor.  
   
NFB Pledge  
I pledge to participate actively in the effort of the National Federation of the Blind to achieve equality, opportunity, and security for the blind; to support the policies and programs of the Federation; and to abide by its constitution.  
One Minute Message:  
The National Federation of the Blind knows that blindness is not the characteristic that defines you or your future. Every day we raise the expectations of blind people, because low expectations create obstacles between blind people and our dreams. You can have the life you want; blindness is not what holds you back.  
