Florida Statewide Monthly Business Meeting Minutes

Date: 04/21/2024

Meeting was called to order at 8:07 PM

8:07 PM Role Call

Three members of the board were present; President Liburd was not present during role call but attended later. A quorum was established.

8:10 PM Pledge

The pledge was recited by Gafri McKinley.

8:12 PM Treasurers report

For march, the starting balance was $2573.55. The monthly contribution of $10 to the NFB PAC plan was withdrawn. The closing balance for the month was $2554.55. The treasurer announced the new PayPal Account and stated that they will send the link to the statewide list serve. Jose motioned to accept the treasurer’s report; Gafri seconds; all were in favor.

8:17 PM Secretary’s report

The secretary reported that the minutes were emailed. Gafri remarked that the one-minute message may have had an error. The secretary stated that they would check the NFB website and make corrections for next month’s minutes. Peggy motioned to accept the secretary’s report as emailed; Justin seconds; all were in favor.

8:22 PM Reminder about national and state conventions

National convention will be from July 3rd to the 8th. For more info, visit nfb.org/convention

Justin and Peggy reported on the state convention planning meeting. Justin reported that the committee was asking participants of possible ideas for seminars to have at the state convention. Peggy took the opportunity to discuss the Florida information table at national convention and has requested people to volunteer for two-hour blocks, and the information on volunteering will be sent out soon. 

Camille reported on national convention. They discussed our responsibility as the hosting affiliate. Responsibilities include opening ceremonies, hosting a musical concert on a date during convention that is to be determined, and hosting an exhibit hall and information table. The music concert will be Florida-themed. They announced the affiliate fundraiser which was a $20 per-person raffle where participants could win a 2-person cruise through Royal Caribbean, and they  can choose from a three-night cruise around the Caribbean, or a four-night cruise to Bermuda. The winner will get a balcony stateroom, and they can board from Bayonne NJ (only from May to October), Port Canaveral FL, Miami Fl, Tampa FL, and Galveston TX. Airfare is not included; however, the winner will receive a $500 gift card that can be used at their discretion and even outside of the cruise. Tickets will be printed out and will be sent to each chapter and division president to be given to members to help fundraise. The raffle will not be on social media, and online payment methods will not exist to stay within the bounds of Florida law. The tickets can be sold from upon being received up to the last day of national convention. Customers must visit a room set aside for raffles on the last day of convention where the winning ticket will be announced. The contact info of the customer must be properly printed on the stub that will be turned into the affiliate. If the customer requests an online payment option, the affiliate asks that the customer pays the money to the seller using an agreed-upon online option, then the seller withdraws the money from their bank account and include it with the cash being raised. The money must be turned into the affiliate.

Justin then asks to make an announcement regarding accommodations on Flix Bus and Greyhound. It was discussed that calling the greyhound and flix customer service to request accommodations is recommended. Camille recommends to pay extra for a front seat since you are required to sit on assigned seats anyway. Jose commented that drivers tend to allow you to sit on row 1 and that those seats are not on the seat reservation page. Camille then warned that many Greyhound and Flix stops do not have traditional bus stops and instead tend to be signs in the middle of parking lots, and in addition, most stops are not owned and operated by Greyhound and Flix.

8:53 PM Who is interested in going to convention?

Jose, Peggy, Brittany, Scott, Camille are going to convention. Justin will attend virtually. Camille stated that the virtual component of convention will cost $10.

9:01 PM Hospitality Suite

We discussed donating to the hospitality suite. Jose suggests we donate an amount between $65-$100. Peggy says to donate $100. Peggy motions that $100 be donated to the hospitality suite, Jose seconds; all were in favor.

9:04 PM Fundraising at national convention

Brittany reports on pretzels. Each pretzel is candy-coated in flavors like salted-caramel, rainbow sprinkle, chocolate bits, and crunchy toffee. A customer would get one set of pretzels of each flavor for $5. One master case has 240 pretzels, costing $144. It will be delivered within one week. Brittany suggested to buy five master cases. One member suggested that five was too many, but others remarked that convention will have up to 3000 attendees. One member commented that there may not be enough volunteers, it was commented that there are five days to sell all the pretzels. Jerrilyn motions to buy five pretzels to sell at convention, Peggy seconds; all were in favor.

Justin reports on the fans. Each fan will be made of athletic gold colored carboard paper and will have the NFB of Florida logo on them. The fans would be shaped into a seashell. It will cost $168 for 300 fans. It takes up to two weeks to be deliver. Discussion occurred to see if the fans should be sold with the pretzels or not. Paul then stated that the fans may not sell well since there are a souvenir item and no one will want to pay for them. The membership then agreed. The fans idea was tabled.

9:25 PM Adjournment

Justin motions to adjourn the meeting; Peggy seconds; all were in favor.

Pledge

I pledge to participate actively in the effort of the National Federation of the Blind to achieve equality, opportunity, and security for the blind; to support the policies and programs of the Federation; and to abide by its constitution.

One Minute Message Updated from Jan 2021

We know that blindness is not the characteristic that defines you or our future. Every day we raise the expectations of blind people, because low expectations create obstacles between blind people and our dreams. Our collective power, determination, and diversity achieve the aspirations of all blind people.

