FSW Meeting Minutes

Date: 5/19/2024

8:06 PM Role Call

President Z’Leah Liburd, vice president Brittany Fraer, treasurer Scott Wilson, secretary Jose Bohorquez, were present. Board member 3 Justin Reagan was not present. A quorum was established.

8:06 PM New member intros:

Roslyn, Sarah, and Valerie were present at the meeting and were the newest members.

8:08 PM Pledge and One Minute Message

Gathary recited the pledge. The one minute message was not recited.

8:09 PM Treasurer’s report

The starting balance for the month of April was $2564.55, $10 was withdrawn for the PAC plan contribution, we also received $29.88 for dues from the three new members, the closing balance for the month of April was $2594.43. Jerilyn made a motioned to accept the treasurers report, Peggy seconds; all were in favor.

8:09 PM Secretary’s report

Secretary Bohorquez emailed the  minutes. Jerilyn motions to accept the secretary’s report as emailed, Gathary seconds; all in favor.

8:10 PM Announcing the new membership form

President Liburd  announces the membership form. Any prospective member can fill out the form through Google Forms. If any one needs assistance, or if corrections need to be made, then any member of the board can be contacted to assist. Gathari asks where to find the form. President Liburd responded by saying that the form is usually emailed to prospective members, but we will find a way to make the form more readily available.

8:16 PM convention reimbursement announcement

Any member of the Florida Statewide chapter can be reimbursed $25 from their convention registration fee if they help with the pretzel fundraiser at national convention, in addition to either volunteering at the Florida Information Table or at the Hospitality Suite. Members must assist at the exhibit hall table during our allotted time slot. We need continuous assistance in selling pretzels throughout the convention– a simple yet impactful way to support your chapter's initiatives. Whether it be during the breaks in general session, in the exhibit hall, or anywhere not during important sessions, we ask the members requesting reimbursement to help fundraise for the chapter. Members will be given sets of pretzels to sell to the public to be sold at $5. The proceeds must then be given to the treasurer. Any questions should be directed to the president at [nfbf.statewide@gmail.com](mailto:nfbf.statewide@gmail.com). To receive reimbursement, send your proof of registration, along with your prefer volunteering opportunity, to our president at [nfbf.statewide@gmail.com](mailto:nfbf.statewide@gmail.com).

8:18 PM Affiliate announcement

Camille reminded the members of the affiliate cruise fundraiser happening during the national convention. The affiliate fundraiser is a $20 per-person raffle where participants could win a 2-person cruise through Royal Caribbean, and they  can choose from a three-night cruise around the Caribbean, or a four-night cruise to Bermuda. The winner will get a balcony stateroom, and they can board from Bayonne NJ (only from May to October), Port Canaveral FL, Miami Fl, Tampa FL, and Galveston TX. Airfare is not included; however, the winner will receive a $500 gift card that can be used at their discretion and even outside of the cruise. Tickets will be printed out and will be sent to each chapter and division president to be given to members to help fundraise. The raffle will not be on social media, and online payment methods will not exist to stay within the bounds of Florida law. The tickets can be sold from upon being received up to the last day of national convention. Customers must visit a room set aside for raffles on the last day of convention where the winning ticket will be announced. The contact info of the customer must be properly printed on the stub that will be turned into the affiliate. If the customer requests an online payment option, the affiliate asks that the customer pays the money to the seller using an agreed-upon online option, then the seller withdraws the money from their bank account and include it with the cash being raised. The money must be turned into the affiliate.

President  Hernandez also took the opportunity to announce and discuss the selling of products by the affiliate and associated chapters and divisions.  He announced the creation of a new form that must be filled out before selling a product at the national convention. He remarked that the affiliate must be aware of all products being sold by each chapter and division in order to accurately pay taxes on the earnings. The amount fundraised from the selling of products must be reported to the IRS and the Florida department of revenue. As for raffles, they do not have to be reported since they are not tangible products, and taxes will not be collected. Presidents call will be announced soon where we learn more about the form and other key info. He also remarked that you do not have to be present for the cruise drawing, and you can still pay for a ticket outside of convention.

8:28 PM Voting in New members

President Liburd announces that we have new members to vote in. The new members were Sarah Stolarczyk, Rosalyn Kennedy, and Valerie Núñez-Caicedo. President Liburd reads the onboarding NFB new member message. They each introduce themselves, and share what color they believe themselves to be. All each say yes to becoming a member of the National Federation of the Blind. Jose motions to vote in our three new members, gathari seconds; all were in favor. Z’leah recited the pledge and the new members repeated after her. The members were then considered full-fledge members of the chapter, and the National Federation of the Blind.

9:00 PM Adjournment

Jose motions to adjourn the meeting, gathari seconds; all were in favor.

Pledge

I pledge to participate actively in the effort of the National Federation of the Blind to achieve equality, opportunity, and security for the blind; to support the policies and programs of the Federation; and to abide by its constitution.

One Minute Message Updated from Jan 2021

We know that blindness is not the characteristic that defines you or our future. Every day we raise the expectations of blind people, because low expectations create obstacles between blind people and our dreams. Our collective power, determination, and diversity achieve the aspirations of all blind people.

