FSW Minutes

Date: 06/09/2024

8:06 PM Role Call – President Z’leah Liburd

* President Z’leah Liburd  
* Vice- President Brittany Fraer  
* Secretary Jose Bohorquez  
* Treasurer Scott Wilson  
* Board Member 3 Justin Reagan

The entire board was present; a quorum was established.

Other Attendees:

* Camille Tate  
* Affiliate President Hernandez  
* Jerilyn Higgins  
* Valerie Núñez-Caicedo  
* Sarah Stolarczyk  
* Doug Ingrahm  
* Adam Long

8:08 PM Pledge

The pledge was recited by Camille Tate.

8:09 Belief Statement:

The belief statement was not recited. It will be recited at the next meeting.

8:10 PM Treasurer’s Report

Treasurer Scott Wilson reads the treasurer’s report. The starting balance was 2594.43. A withdrawal of $75 was made for the affiliate membership dues for the chapter. A $10 withdrawal was made for the monthly PAC plan contribution. A $10 deposit was made for chapter dues. The end balance was $2519.43. Jerilyn motions to accept the treasurer’s report; Justin seconds; all were in favor.

8:12 PM Secretary’s report

Secretary Jose emailed last month’s report. There were no changes. Jerilyn motions to accept the secretary’s report as emailed; Justin seconds; all were in favor.

8:13 PM Agenda Summary

* Make a new motion for the pretzels budget  
  * Remind members of sending proof of registration for reimbursement opportunity  
  * Present the selected times for volunteering.  
  * Announcement from the affiliate board

8:14 PM: Making a new motion for the pretzels budget.

Based on five cases and an ice fee, it was revealed that the total price for the pretzels was $870. We discuss whether selling 4 pretzels for $5 would be profitable considering that we will have to apply taxes. One idea that was brought up was to sell them for $6. Jose then remarks that selling for $6 would sound less enticing than just selling them for $5. Jerilyn asks whether we can just sell 3 flavors only which will allow us to still sell pretzels for $5 and make more of a profit. We then started discussing a budget. Cammille then advised us to pick a greater budget than the actual cost to prevent budget shortfalls. A budget of $950 was considered and chosen. Jerilyn motions to amend the original motion and motions to set aside a budget of $950 for the purchase of pretzels; Jose Seconds; all were in favor.

8:24 PM: Reimbursement Opportunity Reminder

It is not late to send the president of the statewide chapter an email with your proof of registration and telling us where you would like to volunteer at the convention. In addition, to receive the reimbursement, the board would like the recipients to assist with the selling of pretzels and assist with the exhibit table if possible. Anyone who is a statewide chapter member who sends an email with their proof of registration will receive $25 after convention to cover their registration cost. All you have to do is send an email to [nfbf.statewide@gmail.com](mailto:nfbf.statewide@gmail.com) with the above requirements.

8:28 PM: Volunteering at convention

It was discussed to create a group chat to keep in touch with the chapter members going to the convention. Z’leah reveals the volunteer opportunities that the board has selected for the convention. The times will be sent out via email once they are finalized.

8:29 PM Affiliate Announcement

Camille announces a major change to the affiliate fundraiser. Instead of a cruise, the fundraiser will now be a raffle with the chance for the winner to win a trip for two for a four or five night stay at an all-inclusive resort in either Los Cabos or Puerta Vallarta, Mexico. If you are the winner of this wonderful package, the affiliate will share your contact info with the vacation package company, then the company will contact you. You have a year to book your resort stay, and another year to go to the resort. The winner will receive a $500 visa gift card to be used at the winner’s discretion. The card can be used for any transaction, including the flight. The affiliate treasurer Sylvia Young will be sending tickets to chapter presidents for members to sell them to the public. You do not have to be present at the convention to buy a ticket. The value of the trip, along with the visa gift card, is $1495. This fundraiser should not be announced through social media to stay within the bounds of Florida law. If you have any questions about the fundraiser, ask a member of the affiliate board.

In addition to the fundraiser, Camille announces the National Convention concert. The concert will take place on July 4th from 8:00 PM to 10:00 PM. Wristbands will be sold for $10. For more information, refer to the convention agenda.

	President Hernandez announces the date and time for the annual Florida Caucus at the convention. The caucus will take place on July 5th from 7:15 PM to 8:15 PM. Topics including resolutions and other related convention topics will be discussed. This caucus is important to attend since the caucus will be the place where we, as an affiliate, will take positions on the various resolutions on the floor. The caucus will take place at Salon 2 at the Rosen Center, and there will be no zoom recording.

	Finally, it is announced that the National Convention agenda is out. You can find the HTML, and other versions of the agenda at nfb.org/convention.

8:55 PM: Adjournment

Justin motions to adjourn the meeting; Valerie seconds; all were in favor. The meeting ends at 8:56 PM.

Pledge

I pledge to participate actively in the effort of the National Federation of the Blind to achieve equality, opportunity, and security for the blind; to support the policies and programs of the Federation; and to abide by its constitution.

Belief Statement

We know that blindness is not the characteristic that defines you or our future. Every day we raise the expectations of blind people, because low expectations create obstacles between blind people and our dreams. Our collective power, determination, and diversity achieve the aspirations of all blind people.

