Florida Statewide Chapter Meeting Minutes

Date: 07/21/2024

8:05 PM Icebreaker Question:

What destination in the world would you visit by yourself and why?

8:09 PM Role Call:

President Z’leah Liburd: present

Vice President Brittney Frayer: present

Secretary Jose Bohorquez: present

Treasurer Scott Wilson: present

Board Member 3 Justin Reagan: present

A quorum amongst the board was established.

Other Participants:

Jerilyn higgens

Karolyn Campbell

Maggie Battis

Gathari McKinley

Paul Lewis

Sarah Stolarczyk

Vandelon Holland

Melissa Loucks

8:14 PM Pledge:

Gathary recited the pledge.

8:15 PM Belief Statement:

Z’Leah recited the belief statement.

8:16 PM Agenda Summary:

* Ice Breaker Question  
* Roll Call  
* Discussing National Convention  
* Discussing the Pretzel Fundraiser  
* Updates on the National Convention Refunds  
* Affiliate Announcements

8:17 PM Secretary’s Report:

Secretary Jose emailed the report. Gathary motions to except the secretary’s report as emailed; Scott seconded the motion; all were in favor.

8:18 PM Treasurers Report

The starting balance for the month of June was $2519.43. A withdrawal of $10 was made for the monthly PAC plan. A withdrawal of $870 was made to pay for the pretzels for the Pretzel fundraiser. A deposit of $75 was made since the cost of the pretzels were less. A deposit of $20 was made as the result of two members paying dues. The ending balance for the month of June was $1734.43. Justin motions to accept the treasurer’s report; Gathary seconds; all were in favor.

8:20 PM Discussing the National Convention:

Many members attended the national convention and one member attended virtually. Z’Leah asks the assembled participants to discuss their convention experiences.

Gathary: She attended the convention for a few days in person and attended the remainder of the convention virtually. One of her highlights was attending a meeting discussing braille. In that meeting, she learned more about the Braille Authority of North America and learned more about braille in other languages.

Sarah: This was her first national convention. Her highlight was attending the National Organization of Parents of Blind Children (NOPBC) conference. She enjoyed meeting other parents and learning about resources for her son.

Maggie: This was her fourth convention. She attended the convention with a relative from North Carolina. She enjoyed listening to the North Carolina Caucus, and she reported that many attendees had positive feedback for the hotel and hotel staff.

Carilyn: She remarked that her experience went well. She was surprised about the locations for the upcoming national conventions. She also commented that the seats in the ballrooms were not comfortable.

Scott: He enjoyed attending the Florida Caucus. He also commented that the exhibit hall was big and confusing, regardless, he enjoyed the venue. He also noted the high amount of walking throughout the conference.

Justin: He attended the national convention virtually. He reported that there was more engagement in the virtual component. Unfortunately, he informed the assembled body of a technical issue that occurred at the end of one of the general sessions. His highlight was learning about the Hims new braille display, the Braille Emotion. Justin hopes that the braille emotion can compete well against other existing braille displays in the market.

8:30 PM Discussing the Pretzel Fundraiser

Treasurer Scott informed the general body that we sold one case of pretzel or 240 pretzels. He remarked that the fundraiser did not go well as he would have hoped. He also remarked that the location of the table was one major hindrance.

8:36 PM Basket Committee

It was discussed to have Justin and Jose as the cochairs of the committee. We will revisit the topic again in the next meeting.

8:41 PM National Convention Refunds

Affiliate treasurer Sylvia is currently on vacation. We will get more updates about the refunds once her vacation is over.

Adjournment

Jose motioned to adjourn the meeting; Scott seconds; all were in favor. The meeting ended at 8:44 PM.

Pledge

I pledge to participate actively in the effort of the National Federation of the Blind to achieve equality, opportunity, and security for the blind; to support the policies and programs of the Federation; and to abide by its constitution.

Belief Statement

We know that blindness is not the characteristic that defines you or our future. Every day we raise the expectations of blind people, because low expectations create obstacles between blind people and our dreams. Our collective power, determination, and diversity achieve the aspirations of all blind people.

