Florida Statewide Chapter Minutes

Date: 08/18/2024

The meeting was called to order at 8:09 PM.

8:09 PM Role Call

* President Z’leah Liburd  
* Vice President Brittney Frayer  
* Treasurer Scott Wilson  
* Secretary Jose Bohorquez  
* Board Member 3 Justin Reagan

Other members/participants:

* Camile Tate  
* Caye Baker  
* Peggy Fleisure  
* Denise Valkima  
* Dug Ingram  
* Brandon Piane  
* Charles Notice  
* Christian Leaf  
* Eric   
* Judy Hamilton  
* Javier Diaz  
* Niklas Ham  
* Valerie Núñez Caicedo  
* Sarah Stolarczyk  
* Gathary McKinley

Vandelon Holland

8:10 PM Pledge

Gathary recited the pledge.

8:11 PM Belief Statement

Z’leah recited the belief statement.

8:12 PM Agenda Summary

Z’leah summarizes the agenda.

8:12 PM Treasurer’s report

The starting balance for July was 1734.43; $10 was withdrawn for the monthly PAC plan contribution; $26 was withdrawn for the sales tax for the pretzel fundraiser; $148 was sent to FABS due to account error; $419.26 was gained due to the pretzel fundraiser; $44 were donations; the closing balance for July was 2265.19. Gathary motions to accept the treasurer’s report as read; Jose seconds; all were in favor.

8:15 PM Secretary’s report

The secretary’s report was emailed. Peggy motions to accept the secretary’s report as emailed; Scott seconds; all were in favor.

8:16 PM A message from Caye Baker

Affiliate secretary Caye Baker urges everyone to volunteer at the hospitality suite if possible. There will be a hospitality at the state convention. Coffee, drinks, and packaged snacks will be available. A possible breakfast option will be explored. She has asked if our chapter can donate. Contact Caye Baker if you have questions at [nfbjax@gmail.com](mailto:nfbjax@gmail.com). Finally, Caye reminds the assembled participants about the secretary’s lunch-in; more information will be released. She asks the current secretary to think of topics for discussion at the lunch-in.

8:23 PM Presentation on Tactile Training by Brandon Piane

Mr. Piane is currently based in the city of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. He graduated from the University of Delaware with a degree in exercise science. In his presentation, Mr. Piane told the story of Viky, his first blind client. Because of Viky, he believed that people with disabilities can do anything. Mr. Piane had a variety of careers stints. According to his remarks, he worked in a rehab clinic for two years; he also worked with corporate wellness with the Comcast company. During his time with the comcast company, he met Tom, the person who would be his first blind client. Mr. Piane still works with Tom to this day. During the covid-19 pandemic, through the struggles of Tom and others, Mr. Piane notice the lack of resources for the blind community, especially in the area of health and wellness. For these reasons, Mr. Piane launched Tactile training, a newsletter with  audio-described exercise  content for the blind. In his weekly Friday newsletters, Mr. Piane discusses topics like exercising, extrinsic and intrinsic motivation as it relates to wellness, and more. During the remainder of his presentation, Mr. Piane asked for the feedback of the assembled participants regarding what he can cover in his newsletter. He ended his presentation by noted that the content of his newsletter can be done by anyone and does not require equipment. A link to his newsletter was sent via the statewide list serve.

8:50 PM Convention Town Hall Highlights

A. Room rates will be $119 untaxed for all types of rooms.  
B. Hotel will be the Southbank Hotel and riverwalk in Jacksonville. Address: 1515 Prudential Drive  
C. NFB National Representative: Everette Bacon from  NFB Utah  
D. Registration $25; banquet is higher this year at $75  
E. Registering for the convention will be similar to the national convention. Only payments made through the PayPal platform will be accepted; no credit card transactions will be accepted. You will not have to pay PayPal fees.  
F. Volunteers needed for the registration table; contact affiliate treasurer Sylvia Young if you wish to help  
G. Hospitality suite volunteers are needed; contact Caye Baker if you wish to help  
H. The red bus for donating blood will be at the convention on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday afternoon. Find more information by contacting Russ Davis or referring to the agenda when available.  
I. When registering, if you select “electronic agenda”, you cannot receive a print, large print, or braille agenda from the registration table. If you really wish for a print, large print, or braille agenda, please select the corresponding option on the form.  
J. Seven members from the board of directors are up for election this year, so the Sunday general session will be long.  
K. There will be a dollar auction during the convention; so bring 1 dollar bills. Finger food will be available.  
L. An art exhibit will be available where you can touch a variety of tactile art. These art pieces will be available for sale.  
M. The hospitality suite will be offering grab and go snacks. Coffie, water, and other drinks will be available.M. Bring up dues and remind about annual business meeting

8:56 Purchasing a Table

It was discussed whether we should purchase a table or not in the state convention. It was discussed that we must finish selling the remainder of the pretzels. It was agreed to buy a table. Justin motions to purchase a table at the state convention; Peggy seconds; all were in favor.

9:00 PM Hospitality Suite

We discussed how much money to donate to the hospitality suite. It was agreed to donate $100. Peggy motions to donate $100 to the hospitality suite; Jose seconds; all were in favor.

9:04 PM Adjournment

Jose motions to adjourn the meeting; Justin seconds; all were in favor. The meeting ended at 9:04 PM.

Pledge

I pledge to participate actively in the effort of the National Federation of the Blind to achieve equality, opportunity, and security for the blind; to support the policies and programs of the Federation; and to abide by its constitution.

Belief Statement:

We know that blindness is not the characteristic that defines you or our future. Every day we raise the expectations of blind people, because low expectations create obstacles between blind people and our dreams. Our collective power, determination, and diversity achieve the aspirations of all blind people.

