Florida Statewide Chapter Minutes

Date: 09/15/2024

The meeting was called to order at 8:05 PM.

8:05 PM Role Call

Disclaimer: Our meetings are held in a nontraditional online format using the Zoom software. These were the attendees who’s names were recorded during role call. Any other participant’s name were not recorded. Zoom participant IDs that were not in first name last name format, who did not reveal themselves when asked, were also not recorded.

Present Board members:

President Z’leah Liburd

Vice President Brittney frayer

Treasurer Scott Wilson

Secretary Jose Bohorquez

Board Member 3: absent

Other members and participants:

Jerilyn Higgens

Doug Ingram

Peggy Fleischer

Gathry McKinly

Javier Diaz

Melissa Malone

Mickey Castor

Natalie Williams

Scott Larson

Adam Long

Gathary McKinley

8:08 PM Pledge

Gathary recited the pledge.

8:08 PM Belief Statement

The belief statement was skipped.

8:08 PM Treasurers report

The starting balance for the month of August was $2269.69. A withdrawal of $10 was taken for the Pac plan. A withdrawal of $148 was made due to accounts error and sent to the Florida Association of Blind Students. A total of $150  was withdrawn to refund members who went to national convention. Another withdraw of $100 was made to donate to the hospitality suite. A deposit of $10 was made for new member dues. The closing balance was $1867.69. 

Jose motions to accept the treasurers report; Gathary seconds; all were in favor.

8:12 PM Pledging to the affiliate

A discussion was held to determine how much money to pledge to the affiliate. Scott reminded us that we were already making a pledge of $120. Jerilyn remarks that we must fundraise more. The discussion then turned into a discussion of selling pretzels. It was determined that we will be selling two bundles of pretzels for $5 to rid ourselves of the pretzels. It was agreed to continue pledging the same amount of $120. No motion was necessary.

8:10 PM secretary’s report

The report for the month of August was emailed to the entire membership. Jerilyn motions to accept the secretary’s report as emailed; Scott seconds; all were in favor.

8:18 PM State Convention Reimbursements

Z’leah reminds the assembled membership that convention is right around the corner. Doug reminds and encourages everyone to register and that the last date to get a banquet ticket is October 1st. He also remarks that the price for registering will increase to $30 after October 1st and can only be paid at the door. We then discuss volunteering for the Florida statewide table. Gathary, her father, Natalie, Jerilyn, and Niklas put their names up to volunteer. Concrete volunteers were not establish. The board will work to establish concrete volunteers.

8:23 PM Basket Committee report

This years Florida Statewide basket will be a entertainment basket. Items like popcorn, wine, candy, and other entertainment-related goodies will be in the basket. For door prizes, there will be five envelopes of $20.

8:25 PM FSWC Social

The social at the state convention was discussed. The social will be on Saturday at 5:00 PM in the Tug room. It was determined to have a meet and mingle social since food cannot be brought to the meeting spaces.

8:32 PM Voting Presentation \- Mickey Caster

Mickey is part of the league of women voters. The league has been active since 1920\. The core goal is to provide nonpartisan voting education. In their presentation, Mickey discusses the six new amendments schedule to be on the ballot. Four out the six amendments were brought up by the legislature and two were citizen-written amendments. Below is a summary of the amendments.

1. The first amendment will make the schoolboard partisan. Future candidates must announce their party affiliation. In addition, this amendment will make schoolboard elections a closed-primary election. Closed-primary means that you must either be registered either as a democrat or republican. If approved, this amendment will take effect during the 2026 schoolboard election.  
2. The second amendment will enshrine a public right to fish and hunt in the state constitution. Hunting and fishing will be the primary way of responsibly managing wildlife in Florida.  
3. The third amendment will make Marijuana legal for recreational use in the state of Florida. People must be 21 to purchase marijuana. It will still be illegal to use marijuana in federal lands or federally-funded facilities, like colleges.  
4. The fourth amendment will limit  government interference regarding abortion. No law shall prohibit, penalize, or limit abortion before viability, or if the life of the mother is at risk. This does not change the constitutional provision that states that parents and guardians will be informed of any procedure before it takes place. However, parental consent is not required. Viability refers to when a fetus can sustain itself outside the womb.  
5. The amendment would provide for an annual inflation adjustment for the value of the homestead property tax exemption that applies to non-school taxes. A yes vote supports an annual inflation adjustment to the amount of assessed value that is exempt from property taxation.  
6. The sixth amendment will repeal public campaign financing. A yes vote supports repealing the state constitutional provision that provides for public financing of campaigns for those running for elective statewide office who agree to campaign spending limits.

9:09 PM Adjournment

Jerilyn motions to adjourn the meeting; scott seconds; all were in favor.

The meeting ended at 9:09 PM.

Pledge

I pledge to participate actively in the effort of the National Federation of the Blind to achieve equality, opportunity, and security for the blind; to support the policies and programs of the Federation; and to abide by its constitution.

Belief Statement:

We know that blindness is not the characteristic that defines you or our future. Every day we raise the expectations of blind people, because low expectations create obstacles between blind people and our dreams. Our collective power, determination, and diversity achieve the aspirations of all blind people.

