Florida Statewide Chapter Minutes

Date: 10/20/2024

8:05 PM Attendance:

Board Members Present:

President Z’leah Liburd

Vice President Brittney Frayer

Treasurer Scott Wilson

Secretary Jose Bohorquez

Board Member 3 Justin Reagan

All members of the board were present.

Other members and Participants:

Camille Tate

Adam Long

Gathary McKinley

Niklas Ham

Sarah Stolarczyk

Vandelon Holland

8:06 PM Pledge

Gathary recited the pledge.

8:08 PM Treasurer’s Report

The starting balance for the month of September was $1867.64; $10 was withdrawn for the PAC plan; $25 was withdrawn for the table at the state convention exhibit hall, and  $10 was deposited for dues. The closing balance for the month of September was $1842.69. Jerilyn  motions to accept the treasurer’s report, Brittney seconds; all were in favor.

8:10 PM Secretary’s Report

The secretary’s report for the month of September was emailed to the Florida Statewide listserve. A correction was noted for last month’s minutes regarding door prize amounts. The amount was $20 per envelope, not $10. Jerilyn motions to accept the secretary’s report; Justin seconds; all were in favor.

8:12 PM Convention Reminders

* State Convention online preregistration deadline and banquet ticket purchase extended till Nov 1st for $25  
* If you have already preregistered before the hurricane, contact Sylvia Young at [treasurer@nfbflorida.org](mailto:treasurer@nfbflorida.org) or text 850-322-5937 to confirm your attendance.  
* Hotel booking is open once again and you must rebook your room since all reservations under the NFB Florida room block were canceled.  
* Price per room is still $119 per night without tax or $135 per night with tax. Price increases if you add more than two adults to the room. Pro-tip: just don’t add more than two people to the room when booking even if you have more than two people who will be in the room with you.  
* You may call 904-396-5100 to speak and reserve your room.  
* There is also a booking link; contact the board for the link or contact Sylvia.  
* After November 1st, the price of the state convention registration will raise up to $30, and no banquet tickets may be purchased beyond the deadline.

8:16 PM Reminder to pay dues

It is time to pay dues. If you are not going to convention and want to pay dues, pay your dues through Zelle to [nfbf.statewide@gmail.com](mailto:nfbf.statewide@gmail.com). In addition, fill out this form: [https://forms.gle/TJsQphh4cquxx8dW7](https://forms.gle/TJsQphh4cquxx8dW7). Write “dues” in the memo field. If Zelle does not work for you, the affiliate PayPal is another option. Contact a board member or an affiliate board member for the link.

8:20 PM Adjournment

The meeting ended at 8:20 PM. Jose motions to adjourn the meeting, Justin seconds; all were in favor.

Pledge

I pledge to participate actively in the effort of the National Federation of the Blind to achieve equality, opportunity, and security for the blind; to support the policies and programs of the Federation; and to abide by its constitution.

Belief Statement:

We know that blindness is not the characteristic that defines you or our future. Every day we raise the expectations of blind people, because low expectations create obstacles between blind people and our dreams. Our collective power, determination, and diversity achieve the aspirations of all blind people.

