Florida Statewide Chapter Monthly Business Meeting Minutes

Date: 12/15/2024

8:05 PM Role Call

* Board Members Present  
  * President Z’leah Liburd  
  * Vice President Britney Frayer  
  * Secretary Jose Bohorquez  
  * Treasurer Scott Wilson  
* Other Members and Participants  
  * Gathary McKinley  
  * Scot Larson  
  * Niklas Ham  
  * Sarah Stolarczyk  
  * Judy Hamilton  
  * Melissa Malone  
  * Tangi Yonce  
  * Dominic Martinez  
  * Natalie Williams

8:07 PM Pledge

Gathari recites the pledge.

8:08 PM One Minute Message

Z’Leah  recites the one minute message.

8:09 PM Agenda Review: What is on the agenda today?

* Check-In with membership

  * Officer Reports

  * State Convention Recap

  * Reminder of dues for the new year

  * Voting in of three New members

  *  Fundraising  Brane storming Session

  * Announcements from our affiliate board

8:10 PM Check-in: What did everyone do?

Z’Leah asked what everyone did for thanksgiving.

8:11 PM Treasurer’s Report

	For the month of October, the starting balance was $1,842.59.

* Expenses $310:  
  * $100: Door prizes  
  * $200: State Convention-related expenses  
  * $10: PAC plan contribution  
* Deposits: $0  
  * No deposits

	The closing balance for the month of October was $1,542.69. Britney motioned to accept the treasurer’s report for the month of October as read; Jose seconded; all were in favor.

	For the month of November, the starting balance was $1542.69.

* Expenses: $355  
  * $10: PAC plan contribution  
  * $120: Annual donation to the affiliate  
  * $100: Donation to the affiliate for State Convention  
  * $125: Reimbursements, at $25 each for 5 people, for State Convention  
* Deposits: $10  
  * $10: Dues

	The closing balance for the month of November was $1,187.69. Jose motioned to accept the treasurer’s report for the month of November as read; Britney seconded; all were in favor.

8:13 PM Secretary’s Report

	The secretary’s report was sent via email on the 11th of November. Britney motioned to accept the secretary’s report as emailed; Scott Wilson seconded; all were in favor.

8:15 State Convention Recap

	Z’leah asked the assembled participants the following questions regarding the 2024-2025 State Convention, regarding their experiences.

•	Was there something new or interesting that you learned at convention?

•	What was your favorite part of convention?

8:20 PM Reminder of dues

Z’leah reminded and encouraged the assembled participants to pay their dues. Dues must be paid by February to be eligible to vote in the upcoming election. Dues are $10, and they can be paid via check, Zelle, or PayPal.

Zelle: Send dues to [nfbf.statewide@gmail.com](mailto:nfbf.statewide@gmail.com)

PayPal: Type or copy this url: [https://paypal.me/nfbf](https://paypal.me/nfbf)

Have any questions, email treasurer Scott Wilson at [s.wilson661@icloud.com](mailto:s.wilson661@icloud.com).

Remember to fill out the membership form to mark you down as a member. The form will be sent out via the Statewide Listserve.

8:30 PM: Induction Ceremony of three New members

Melissa Malone, Niklas Ham, and Sarah Stolarczyk were inducted in as new members of the Statewide Chapter and the National Federation of the blind for the year of 2025\. Jose motions to induct the three new members; Scott Wilson seconded; all were in favor.

8:39 PM Fundraising brainstorming session

	Many possible fundraising ideas were considered. Some include:

* Barbecue event.  
* FSW and FABS collaboration  
* Restaurant fundraiser  
* Trivia fundraiser

  Some members agreed to contribute financially to assist the statewide chapter from the pretzel fundraiser loss.


8:52 PM: Announcement from the Affiliate Board

No member from the affiliate board was present.

8:53 PM Donating to the Washington Seminar

It was agreed to donate $50 to the affiliate for the Washington Seminar state-picked delegation. Jose motioned to donate $50 to the affiliate for the Washington Seminar Delegation; scot Wilson seconded; all were in favor.

8:58 PM Adjournment

Jose motioned to adjourn the meeting; scot seconded; all were in favor. The meeting adjourned at 8:58 PM.

Pledge

I pledge to participate actively in the effort of the National Federation of the Blind to achieve equality, opportunity, and security for the blind; to support the policies and programs of the Federation; and to abide by its constitution.

Belief Statement:

We know that blindness is not the characteristic that defines you or our future. Every day we raise the expectations of blind people, because low expectations create obstacles between blind people and our dreams. Our collective power, determination, and diversity achieve the aspirations of all blind people.

