Florida Statewide Chapter Minutes

Date: 02-16-2025

8:05 PM Role Call

* Officers:  
  * President Z’Leah Liburd  
  * Vice-President Britney Frayer  
  * Treasurer Scott Wilson  
  * Secretary Jose Bohorquez  
  * Board Member 3 Justin Reagan  
  * The full board was present  
* Other members and participants:  
  * JD Townsend  
  * Tangi Yonce  
  * Natalie Williams  
  * Niklas Ham  
  * Affiliate President Camille Tate  
  * Russ Davis  
  * Melissa Malone  
  * Vandelon holland  
  * Denise Valkima

8:10 PM Pledge

Russ recites the pledge.

8:11 PM Belief Statement

Z’leah recites the belief statement.

8:12 PM Agenda Review

	The agenda was reviewed.

8:13 PM Treasurers Report

* The starting balance for the month of January was $1492.69.  
* Withdrawals $147:  
  * $10: PACPlan  
  * $87: Annual dues to the affiliate  
  * $50: Donation to the Florida delegates of the Washington Seminar  
* Deposits $327:  
  * $227: Dues  
  * $100: Donation from Tangi Yonce (Thank you)  
* The ending balance for the month of January was $1573.62.  
* Jose motions to accept the treasurer’s report as read; justin seconds; all were in favor.

8:18 PM Secretary’s report

The minutes were emailed to the list serve. Justin motions to accept the secretary’s report as emailed; russ seconds; all were in favor.

8:30 PM Scholarship Announcement

•	The Kenneth Jernigan First Timers scholarship is open now

•	Deadline: March 31st

Link to apply: https://nfb.org/get-involved/national-convention/kenneth-jernigan-convention-scholarship

8:32 PM Announcements from the affiliate Board

1. President Camille Tate reminded everyone that the KJ scholarships requires applicants to conduct an interview with the affiliate president. Deadline for the scholarship is March 31st, and the presidential interview deadline is April 15th. Interview may take place after the application deadline.  
2. The Florida Statewide Chapter was recognized as one of the hosting chapters for the upcoming state convention in Altamonte Springs. The first planning committee will take place in March. More Details to follow regarding a statewide convention planning committee, and more.  
3. Finally, we were thanked for our donation to the delegates for the Washington Seminar.

8:34 PM Legislative Alerts

•	Texas v. Becerra case that has been brought by seventeen states’ attorney generals. 

* These seventeen states (Alaska, Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Louisiana, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, South Carolina, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, and West Virginia) have sued the federal government regarding updated rules which add “gender dysphoria” to the federal definition of “disability” under Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act.  
* As a result, these states have charged that this addition to the regulations renders Section 504 unconstitutional. As a reminder, Section 504 requires that entities which receive federal funding, like schools and hospitals, cannot discriminate on the basis of disability.  
* We will be receiving a template soon to email to our attorney generals to fight back against this.  
* Blind Americans Return to Work Act has been introduced to the house\!  
* HR-1175  
* Legislative meeting to occur on the fourth Tuesdays of every month. More details on how to join will come out soon.

  8:55 PM Elections

* Positions up for election: Vice-President, treasurer, board member 1, and board member 2  
* Vice President – 2-year position:  
  * Britney Frayer was the previous vice president.  
  * Z’Leah nominated Britney Frayer for the position. Britney accepted.  
  * No additional candidates were nominated.  
  * Denise motioned for nominations to cease and to vote in Britney by acclamation; Jose seconded; all were in favor. Britney will continue to be the vice president.  
* Treasurer – 2-year term:  
  * Scott was the previous treasurer.  
  * Russ Nominated Scott Wilson for the position. Scott accepted.  
  * No additional candidates were nominated.  
  * Jose motion to cease nominations and vote in Scott by acclamation; J.D. seconded; all were in favor. Scott will continue to be treasurer.  
* Board Member 1 – 1-year term (interim position):  
  * This board seat was vacant as of the last election.  
  * Jose nominated Natalie Williams for the position. Natalie accepted.  
  * No additional candidates were nominated.  
  * Denise motions to cease nominations and vote in Natalie by acclamation; Justin seconds; all were in favor. Natalie will hold the position of board member 1 until the next election.  
* Board Member 2 – 2-year position:  
  * This board seat was vacant.  
  * Russ nominates Denise Valkema for the position. She did not accept the nomination.  
  * Jose nominated Niklas Ham for the position. Niklas accepted.  
  * No additional candidates were nominated.  
  * Jose motioned for nominations to cease and vote in Niklas by acclamation; Justin seconds; all were in favor. Niklas will now hold the position of board member 2\.

9:27 PM Adjournment

Justin motioned to adjourn the meeting; Scott seconds; all were in favor. The meeting ended at 9:27 PM.

Pledge

I pledge to participate actively in the effort of the National Federation of the Blind to achieve equality, opportunity, and security for the blind; to support the policies and programs of the Federation; and to abide by its constitution.

Belief Statement

We know that blindness is not the characteristic that defines you or our future. Every day we raise the expectations of blind people, because low expectations create obstacles between blind people and our dreams. Our collective power, determination, and diversity achieve the aspirations of all blind people.

