Florida Statewide Chapter Meeting Minutes

Date: 05/18/2025

**Quick Links and Resources**

[Link to NFB National Convention Registration](https://nfb.org/civicrm/event/register?reset=1&id=618)

[NFB National Convention Hotel Information](https://nfb.org/get-involved/national-convention-prep)

[Old Hotel Description from National Convention 2022](https://nfb.org/get-involved/national-convention/past-conventions/2022-national-convention/nfb22-navigating-hotels)

[Link to Florida Affiliate Scholarship](https://nfbflorida.org/2025-student-scholarship)

**8:07 PM Role Call**

* **Officers**  
  * President Z’leah Liburd  
  * Vice President Britney Frayer  
  * Treasurer Scott Wilson  
  * Secretary Jose Bohorquez  
  * Board Member 1 Natalie Williams  
  * Board Member 2 Niklas Ham  
  * Board Member 3, Justin Reagan, was not present.  
* Other Participants (Recorded as of 8:07 PM)  
  * Florida Affiliate President Camille Tate  
  * Tangi Yonce  
  * Adam Long  
  * Jerilyn Higgens  
  * Karolyn Campbell  
  * Sarah Stolarczyk  
  * Bruce  
  * Erica Thomas

**8:10 PM Pledge**

President Liburd recited the pledge.

**8:11 PM Belief Statement**

Affiliate president Tate recited the belief statement.

**8:12 PM Agenda Review**

President Liburd reviewed the agenda.

**8:13 PM Icebreaker Question**

	Participants were asked to explain what they would like to see change in the Florida Statewide Chapter. The board will review your suggestions and implement changes. Have any more suggestions, don’t hesitate to send them to [statewide@nfbflorida.org](mailto:statewide@nfbflorida.org).

**8:25 PM Treasurer’s Report**

	The starting balance for the month of march was $1603.62.

* Deposits: $10  
  * $10 dues  
* Expenses: $10  
  * $10 PAC Plan

	The ending balance for the month of March was $1603.62. Jose motioned to accept the treasurer’s report as read; Britney seconded; all were in favor.

	The starting balance for the month of April was $1603.62.

* Deposits: $0  
  * No deposits were made to the treasury.  
* Expenses: $10  
  * $10 PAC Plan

	The final balance for the month of April was $1593.62. Jose motioned to accept the treasurer’s report as read; Natalie seconded; all were in favor.

**8:27 PM Secretary’s Report**

	The minutes for the month of March were sent by email. Scott motioned to accept the report as emailed; Niklas seconded; all were in favor.

	No meeting was held in the month of April in observance of the Easter holiday. Instead, an announcement email was sent to the Statewide mailing list.

**8:28 PM Florida Statewide Giving Challenge**

How Does the Statewide Giving Challenge Work?

It is simple\! We are asking all of you—our members and supporters—to help raise funds by reaching out to your networks. You can participate in several ways:

✅ Ask your friends and family to donate, then send the contributions to Statewide.

✅ Create a Facebook fundraiser or use another donation platform of your choice and direct the proceeds to Statewide.

✅ Request donation from a business, nonprofit, or other organization. If requesting donations from a business, nonprofit, or other organization, please contact our president, Z’Leah Liburd, for approval to ensure alignment with our mission.

✅ Make a personal contribution if you are financially able. Every dollar counts\!

Where to Send the Proceeds

You can submit donations to Statewide using Zelle or PayPal:

Zelle:

Direct: nfbf.statewide@gmail.com

Alternative: treasurer@nfbflorida.org

PayPal:

[https://paypal.me/nfbf](https://paypal.me/nfbf)

Check: Contact treasurer Scott Wilson for details and address

Regardless which payment option you choose, please write in the memo field: “\<your name\> statewide donations.”

When Does the Challenge Begin?

Mark your calendars\! The Statewide Giving Challenge kicks off on March 16th and runs through September 30th. That gives us several months to work together toward our goal. To make things more exciting, we are introducing an incentive\! The member who raises the most donations by the end of the campaign will receive a $100 Amazon gift card.

Where Will Your Donations Go?

Your generosity will have a direct impact by:

💙 Helping members attend the state convention.

💙 Supporting additional fundraisers to grow our resources.

💙 Funding advocacy efforts, including assisting members in attending Tallahassee Days.

Our Goal: $2,000\!

We are about $400 away from hitting our target. With your help, we can easily surpass it and create even more opportunities for our members. Let us come together and make it happen\! To have your donation acknowledged for the challenge, please [fill out this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdEAreJ54OYLZv7cDLRxux9Igq5Y2450L41q7CQ-VEk2AGy4g/viewform?usp=sharing&ouid=116043248677672976803) for each donation.

**8:35 PM affiliate Announcements**

* Florida Affiliate Assistance Grant: The affiliate will be giving out grants to people wishing to attend the national convention.  
  * Requirements may include having to attend a specific number of general sessions, attending a specific number of workshops, attending the Rookie roundup, and having to volunteer at the Independence Market Fair at the exhibit hall.  
  * You will have to prove that you are attending convention by sending proof of registration, sending your flight information, or proof of hotel stay.  
  * First timers are preferred.  
  * The assistance grant committee will release information soon.  
* Open Convention Planning Committees: Held the first Sunday of each month. Have a good convention idea, or want to know what is happening regarding the convention? This meeting is the best opportunity to learn more about the convention.

**8:40 PM Florida Affiliate Scholarship**

* Recipients will receive their scholarships at the state convention scheduled for the weekend of October 3rd to October 5th at Hilton Altamonte Springs.  
* Travel to and from convention, hotel room, and a daily stipend will be covered by the affiliate for the scholarship recipients.  
* Qualified high school seniors and college students must complete the scholarship application form in MS word format, write a 500-word essay, provide two letters of recommendation, and submit academic transcripts.  
* All documentation must be returned to the scholarship committee chair, Kaye Baker at [scholarships@nfbflorida.org](file:///G:\\.shortcut-targets-by-id\\1-EA4z9DO0MywGAG001BLjnVHAunmHEzB\\FSW\\Minutes\\scholarships@nfbflorida.org).  
* Four scholarships will be awarded in the amount of $1500: two blind and two deaf blind scholarships.  
* Deadline: September 1st at 11:59 PM  
* For more information and to ask questions, contact the scholarship chair, Kaye Baker,  at [scholarships@nfbflorida.org](file:///G:\\.shortcut-targets-by-id\\1-EA4z9DO0MywGAG001BLjnVHAunmHEzB\\FSW\\Minutes\\scholarships@nfbflorida.org) or by telephone at (904) 832-2884.  
* The application can be found at [https://nfbflorida.org/2025-student-scholarship](https://nfbflorida.org/2025-student-scholarship).  
* If you know a blind or deafblind high school senior or college student who may benefit from this scholarship, please share this information with them.

**8:45 PM Convention Reminders**

* State Convention  
  * Dates: October 3rd – October 5th  
  * Location: Hilton Altamonte Springs, 350 Northlake Blvd, Altamonte Springs, FL 32701  
  * Room Rates: $139 a night (not including taxes and a $3 nightly resort fee).  
  * Information regarding booking links, virtual options, transportation options, convention activities, and more will be released as we get closer to the convention Date. Stay tuned for more details.  
* National Convention  
  * Registration is $25 and banquet is $80.  
  * Online registration will close at the end of the month, and the cost will increase. You can still pay at the door.  
  * Dates: July 8th to July 13th  
  * More info can be found at nfb.org/convention.  
  * Hotel rooms are running out fast, so book as quickly as possible. Don’t forget to check out the overflow hotel at the Sheraton New Orleans. The Sheraton is right across the street from the main hotel.

**8:47 PM State Convention Fundraising**

* Majority of participants believed that a table is needed at state convention.  
* Table: The most popular idea for the statewide table was a fifty-fifty raffle along with fliers representing statewide.  
* Sneaker Ball: The idea is currently being examined.  
* Statewide Social: Currently looking into having a mingling social after the student division meeting in the same room.  
* Door prizes: Most popular idea is currently sending envelops of $5 or $10.  
* Dollar Auction: Items were discussed, but no definitive set of items were determined.  
* Hospitality Suite Donation: Will discuss in future meeting.  
* More details will be ironed out in future business meetings.

**8:50 PM Adjournment**

	Jose motioned to adjourn the meeting; scott seconded; all were in favor. The meeting ended at 8:50 PM.

**Pledge**

I pledge to participate actively in the effort of the National Federation of the Blind to achieve equality, opportunity, and security for the blind; to support the policies and programs of the Federation; and to abide by its constitution.

**Belief Statement**

We know that blindness is not the characteristic that defines you or our future. Every day we raise the expectations of blind people, because low expectations create obstacles between blind people and our dreams. Our collective power, determination, and diversity achieve the aspirations of all blind people.

